Update model access control documentation (#4552)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/model-access-control.md

## Registering a model group

> To register a model group, send a `POST` request to the `_register` endpoint. You can register a model group with a `public`, `private`, or `restricted` access mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register a model group, send a `POST` request to the `_register` endpoint. You can register a model group in `public`, `private`, or `restricted` access mode. 
```

> Each model group name must be globally unique in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each model group name in the cluster must be globally unique.
```

:--- | :--- | :---
`name` | String | The model group name. Required.
`description` | String | The model group description. Optional.

> `access_mode` | String | The access mode for this model. Valid values are `public`, `private`, and `restricted`. When this parameter is set to `restricted`, you must specify either `backend_roles` or `add_all_backend_roles`, but not both. Optional. If you don't specify any of the `access_mode`, `backend_roles`, or `add_all_backend_roles`, the default `access_mode` is `private`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`access_mode` | String | The access mode for this model. Valid values are `public`, `private`, and `restricted`. When this parameter is set to `restricted`, you must define a value for either `backend_roles` or `add_all_backend_roles`, but not both. Optional. If `access_mode`, `backend_roles`, and `add_all_backend_roles` are left blank, the default value is `private`.
```

Author: You don't leave the fields blank. You omit them.

> `access_mode` | String | The access mode for this model. Valid values are `public`, `private`, and `restricted`. When this parameter is set to `restricted`, you must specify either `backend_roles` or `add_all_backend_roles`, but not both. Optional. If you don't specify any of the `access_mode`, `backend_roles`, or `add_all_backend_roles`, the default `access_mode` is `private`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`access_mode` | String | The access mode for this model. Valid values are `public`, `private`, and `restricted`. When this parameter is set to `restricted`, you must specify either `backend_roles` or `add_all_backend_roles`, but not both. Optional. If you don't specify the `access_mode`, `backend_roles`, or `add_all_backend_roles`, the default `access_mode` is `private`.
```

> `backend_roles` | Array | A list of the model owner's backend roles to add to the model. Can be specified only if the `access_mode` is `restricted`. Cannot be specified at the same time as `add_all_backend_roles`. Optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`backend_roles` | Array | A list of the model owner's backend roles to add to the model. Can be specified only if `access_mode` is `restricted`. Cannot be specified at the same time as `add_all_backend_roles`. Optional.
```

{
    "name": "model_group_test",
    "description": "This is an example description",
    "access_mode": "private"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> If you don't specify any of the `access_mode`, `backend_roles`, or `add_all_backend_roles`, the model will have a `private` access mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't specify the `access_mode`, `backend_roles`, or `add_all_backend_roles`, the default `access_mode` is `private`:
```

Author: Reworded.

## Updating a model group

> To update a model group, send a `PUT` request to the `model_groups` endpoint, providing the ID of the model group you want to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update a model group, send a `PUT` request to the `model_groups` endpoint and provide the ID of the model group you want to update.
```

When updating a model group, the following restrictions apply:

- The model owner or an admin user can update all fields. Any user who shares one or more backend roles with the model group can update the `name` and `description` fields only.

> - When updating the `access_mode` to `restricted`, you must specify one but not both `backend_roles` or `add_all_backend_roles`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When updating the `access_mode` to `restricted`, you must specify either `backend_roles` or `add_all_backend_roles` but not both.
```
